README.md, before:

Ansible Role - xCAT Repository
==============================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/idiv-biodiversity/ansible-role-repo-xcat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/idiv-biodiversity/ansible-role-repo-xcat)

Installs [xCAT][] package repository.

Table of Contents
-----------------

<!-- toc -->

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Role Variables](#role-variables)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Example Playbook](#example-playbook)
  * [Top-Level Playbook](#top-level-playbook)
  * [Role Dependency](#role-dependency)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Information](#author-information)

<!-- tocstop -->

Requirements
------------

Supports:

- RHEL / CentOS
- Ubuntu

Role Variables
--------------

These are the used variables and their defaults:

```yml
xcat_version: latest
```

Dependencies
------------

None.

Example Playbook
----------------

Add to `requirements.yml`:

```yml
---

- src: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat

...
```

Download:

```console
$ ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml
```

### Top-Level Playbook

Write a top-level playbook:

```yml
---

- name: head server
  hosts: head
  vars:
    xcat_version: '2.10'
  roles:
    - role: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat
      tags:
        - xcat

...
```

### Role Dependency

Define the role dependency in `meta/main.yml`:

```yml
---

dependencies:

  - role: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat
    tags:
      - xcat

...
```

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

This role was created in 2016 by [Christian Krause][author] aka [wookietreiber at GitHub][wookietreiber], HPC cluster systems administrator at the [German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv)][idiv].


[author]: https://www.idiv.de/groups_and_people/employees/details/eshow/krause-christian.html
[idiv]: https://www.idiv.de/
[wookietreiber]: https://github.com/wookietreiber
[xCAT]: http://xcat.org/

Commit message:

adds option to decide whether to enable the repos or not
if disabled, they can still be used with the `enablerepo` option of the
yum module

README.md, after:

Ansible Role - xCAT Repository
==============================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/idiv-biodiversity/ansible-role-repo-xcat.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/idiv-biodiversity/ansible-role-repo-xcat)

Installs [xCAT][] package repository.

Table of Contents
-----------------

<!-- toc -->

- [Requirements](#requirements)
- [Role Variables](#role-variables)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Example Playbook](#example-playbook)
  * [Top-Level Playbook](#top-level-playbook)
  * [Role Dependency](#role-dependency)
- [License](#license)
- [Author Information](#author-information)

<!-- tocstop -->

Requirements
------------

Supports:

- RHEL / CentOS
- Ubuntu

Role Variables
--------------

These are the used variables and their defaults:

```yml
xcat_version: latest

# whether to enable the repos
xcat_repo_enabled: yes
```

Dependencies
------------

None.

Example Playbook
----------------

Add to `requirements.yml`:

```yml
---

- src: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat

...
```

Download:

```console
$ ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml
```

### Top-Level Playbook

Write a top-level playbook:

```yml
---

- name: head server
  hosts: head
  vars:
    xcat_version: '2.10'
  roles:
    - role: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat
      tags:
        - xcat

...
```

### Role Dependency

Define the role dependency in `meta/main.yml`:

```yml
---

dependencies:

  - role: idiv-biodiversity.repo-xcat
    tags:
      - xcat

...
```

License
-------

MIT

Author Information
------------------

This role was created in 2016 by [Christian Krause][author] aka [wookietreiber at GitHub][wookietreiber], HPC cluster systems administrator at the [German Centre for Integrative Biodiversity Research (iDiv)][idiv].


[author]: https://www.idiv.de/groups_and_people/employees/details/eshow/krause-christian.html
[idiv]: https://www.idiv.de/
[wookietreiber]: https://github.com/wookietreiber
[xCAT]: http://xcat.org/
